AJ out of the corner later to kick back
style from the ribbon and a quick cover
you get the real break that's great Ring
awareness by noon no matter what you say
excellent presence by the world
heavyweight champ and AJ Styles he's
furious fight off his everything is
ready to go the clock did you saw over
the shoulder of AJ approaches a
30-second mark and read with the real
engineer but then looks up you saw the
eye contact that rude made with the
clock and senses that just like Sunday
he's going to run out the time again
well let's face it I mean Bobby Rudy
doesn't got that 15 seconds left
roots down AJ gotta get back in five
seconds a Geum for second three seconds
oh my god
this matches a time limit draw
effort by AJ Styles in the world of the
Challenger but just like Sunday a final
resolution the clock runs out on the
phenomenal AJ Styles well
listen Bobby Rudy hidden have two women
here our live audience there are five
minutes all Wyatt speaking you to write
an aging become five one minutes but I
think it's safe to say that body rude
the last thing he wants is five four
minute
I did it overtime can read the
the icon sting he's the man in charge
buddy we could do this all night long
first ball for the win that's why he's
in charge
that's why teeny presently Carter put
him in charge and AJ gets flipped hair
the engine lake by roof yep from behind
steam comes out and gives oh my god
assimilate crab give my oh my
the leg though all the pressures apply
to the injured knee of Stiles
challenger is in
oh my goodness snap its legs go step
squad 18 you that much
Oh Shi
and lay that down finish
Bobby Roode from behind he cooked to me
AJ from the highs
nasca single-leg Boston Crab
it was at that point where I think at
the tap the potential for long-term
injury to have this go shave at a
Venetian style tsunami ashamed that no
shame of tavern he got caught them nasty
submission them Bobby Roode takes
advantage of AJ Styles is your day and
Bobby Roode is still the World
Heavyweight Champion